Resolve syncing conflicts from repo_sync_working_branch to live (#2300)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SharePoint: migration/mover-transfer-status-codes.md

---
title: Mover transfer status codes 
author: JoanneHendrickson
ms.author: jhendr
manager: serdars
audience: ITPro
ms.topic: article
ms.service: sharepoint-online
localization_priority: Priority
ms.collection:
- SPMigration
- M365-collaboration
search.appverid: MET150
description: "Mover transfer status codes"
---
# Mover transfer status codes

> When a transaction ends, it may be automatically re-run. But this will only happen when ALL of the following conditions are met:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a transaction ends, it may be automatically rerun. But this will only happen when _all_ of the following conditions are met:
```

- **It is the first time a task is being scanned OR it is the first time it is being migrated**, i.e.:

>     - If we first scan a task, it may trigger re-runs. If then we migrate the task, it may also trigger re-runs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - If we first scan a task, it may trigger reruns. If we then migrate the task, it may also trigger reruns.
```

>     - If we started scanning a task and then cancelled it. And then we started scanning the task again, it will NOT trigger re-runs because it was not the first time the task was scanned

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - If we started scanning a task and canceled it, and then started scanning the task again, it will _not_ trigger reruns because it was not the first time the task was scanned.
```

> - **We haven’t run out of automatic re-runs.** A task will be automatically re-run a maximum of 3 times. A first scan/migrate action on a task may result in triggering a total of four transactions: the original transaction (run), and the three additional attempts (re-runs). Six re-runs can be triggered at the very most: 3 for the initial scan, and 3 for the initial migration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **We haven’t run out of automatic reruns.** A task will be automatically rerun a maximum of three times. A first scan/migrate action on a task may result in triggering a total of four transactions: the original transaction (run), and the three additional attempts (reruns). Six reruns can be triggered at most; three for the initial scan, and three for the initial migration.
```
